Are you still satisfied with the accommodation arranged by Lu Shou for you?
Although it is not good in the provincial capital
This is grade
It is possible.
It's pretty good.
That's right.
My sister and dad will invite you.
Understand the road, yeah, on the road
Patent thing
I found some news
You go on to say
The valley owner didn't actually get the patent.
They just completed a verbal agreement
By the way, according to reliable sources
Three days later, after Sun Shangming's funeral
Sun Family and Three Kingdoms
long-term formal transaction
Then 3 days later will be the anniversary of the death of the entire Sun family
3 ports online
Grandson in order to cooperate with you
This can also prove the sincerity of our Sun family, right?
Don't worry, Mr. Sun.
The most important thing for us Yamaguchi people is to believe in this name
We'll take care of what we promised you.
County County County Yamaguchi County Plan